hello people john here from fast films
and today we're covering a 2009 american
thriller movie called sorority row
the film begins with a wild party at a
sorority house the girl's going crazy
the couple's getting ravenous at each
other and guys kicking off with the
maidens
in all of that mess five girls gather in
a room to drink up shots for their
senior year
the leader jessica asks claire to bring
up the shots while ellie chuggs and
cassidy gather around
they tell each other's qualities and
drink up during their procession cassidy
asks for megan and it's known that she's
in bed with chug's brother garrett
jessica turns on her laptop and all of
them start watching their romance
as garrett proceeds to kiss megan
everyone senses that megan isn't moving
suddenly she starts spitting foam out of
her mouth garrett gets back in fright
and all the girls run up to save their
sister
garrett stands there berserk stating
that he simply gave her the pills
jessica asked him to
jessica starts giving cpr to megan while
garrett grabs the keys for the car to
start it
in the meantime megan wakes up totally
fine and it's revealed that the girls
were doing a prank on the poor guy
because he cheated on his already
cheating girlfriend
nevertheless they don't let go of the
prank and they dragged megan's body to
the car
inside everyone plays their role in the
prank while garrett goes hysterical the
girls laugh behind him and carry on the
prank while megan plays dead at last
they arrive at an isolated place and
stop by lake
garrett starts vomiting while the girls
drag megan out of the car they laugh at
his situation while deciding how to
dismember her body so it doesn't float
up the water
meanwhile megan starts recording
everything on her phone during all of
this only cassidy is concerned about the
situation and she talks with jessica but
she simply remarks that they're doing it
because it's funny unfortunately their
fun transforms into a tragedy as garrett
comes with a tire wrench and plunges it
down megan's chest
the girls scream in terror while garrick
confirms that there's no air in her
lungs now
the girls rush to megan's side as she
starts bleeding excessively garrett gets
flabbergasted once he realizes that it
was all a sick joke
jessica stands there in horror watching
cassidy trying to stop the bleeding but
it all goes in vain as megan expires as
the tragedy settles on them jessica
presents the idea to leave the body at
once but cassidy disagrees
after that a heated argument begins
between the sisters as jessica asserts
to leave megan here and not let the
incident ruin their lives everyone
agrees except cassidy who walks away to
get a call for reception
behind her back the rest of the girls
drag megan to a mine shaft nearby and
dump her body down the deep hole
just then cassidy comes back running and
stares in horror as jessica tells her
that they've dumped the body after
wrapping her with cassidy's coat the
sisters turn against her and plaster the
blame of the murder on cassidy with that
being said everyone returns to the party
eight months later the whole batch
graduates while cassidy's boyfriend andy
gives the final speech as valedictorian
afterwards the whole theta pi sorority
group celebrates but cassidy doesn't
join them
later the scene shifts into the bedroom
where andy and cassidy drown in their
pleasures
afterwards he asks her about the theta
pie but cassidy simply refuses to answer
it to make it up to her he pulls her
back to the bed
the camera now flips to the sorority
house where the couple walks in with
andy's parents they meet jessica on the
way and after a little argument she
excuses herself
in the meantime ellie reveals that chugs
is busy in an orientation session with
the freshmen and we then witness the
overwhelming orientation nevertheless
the scene shifts to the yard where
jessica delivers a final speech of honor
trust secrecy and solidarity on the
behalf of theta pi in the interim a girl
walks among the crowd and the girls
mistake her for megan which causes ellie
to freak out and faint
later jessica barges in and states that
the girl was megan's sister
just then the girl walks in and
introduces herself as maggie she
apologizes to ellie and states that she
wants to be a part of theta pie but
jessica simply pushes her out of the
kitchen stating that she can't be part
of the sorority this year
she leaves reluctantly in just then
jessica's and claire's boyfriends walk
in and they joke around for a moment
jessica sends the boys out to grab the
decoration products when suddenly every
one of them gets a text image of the
bloody tire wrench on their phones
the girls freak out but chug solidifies
them by stating that it's just her
brother garrett she further explains
that he has gone psycho after the
incident and he's just messing around
everyone deletes the picture and
proceeds on with their regular lives
cassidy calls andy and requests him to
be at the party for her and he politely
agrees
the scene then shifts to the sorority
house where the house mother mrs
crenshaw gives the farewell speech while
advising them to always do the right
thing
at the end of it she presents each of
them a bracelet as a reminder of their
sisterhood upon wrapping it up she
leaves and the girls throw away the
cheap bracelets the scene then shifts to
the house where the girls start
preparing for the party
meanwhile claire invites her boyfriend
mickey into the bathtub out in the open
air
on the other hand we see chugs going to
meet someone named dr rosenberg she
finds the house empty but upon coming to
the bedroom she locates him being
handcuffed to the bed in his
undergarments
chugs scoff and proceeds to the bathroom
to get prepared in the interim dr
rosenberg senses someone else in the
house as well
he hurriedly takes the handcuffs off and
gets up to look for the intruder
suddenly a black hooded figure throws a
tire wrench towards him and it plunges
into his forehead in the meantime chugs
calls jess and states that she'll be
late to the party afterwards she gets
out and finds the bed empty sighing and
exasperation she walks to the lounge and
sinks on the couch
just as she starts drinking the vodka
someone pushes the glass bottle down her
throat and smashes it with the iron
wrench until chugs dies agonizingly in
the meantime jessica goes to dinner with
kyle's father who's a senator he starts
judging jessica whether she's beneficial
for kyle or not jessica assures she'll
always be careful and just then kyle
arrives and they start to talk normally
on the other hand ellie walks to the
basement while cassidy discusses the
situation with jessica she replies
indifferently and proceeds to take a
shower the camera then pans to the girls
area where claire takes a bath and
suddenly senses someone luckily it turns
out to be a junior who gets bumped by
jessica for using the senior bathroom
on the other hand another junior
observes them and silently slides back
into her cabin
unfortunately claire suddenly discusses
megan's death and the junior overhears
it the ladies leave the area but the
junior gets attacked by the hooded
serial killer and she dies brutally with
the custom iron wrench
back at the house ellie walks in the
basement to look for the vodka when she
suddenly notices cassidy's bloodied coat
hanging on a hook she almost freaks out
and suddenly kyle appears behind her and
asks what is wrong ellie doesn't answer
and leaves immediately to explain the
situation to all her girls ellie
whimpers in fright while everyone else
deduces a logical reasoning behind it
at the end it all comes down to garrett
and they blame the prank on him the
situation with theta pie gets tense
while the party at the house rocks on
people go crazy under the overwhelming
alcohol and jump into the extravagant
overflowing bubble bath on the other
hand andy and cassidy discuss leaving
the party at once
in the meantime claire gets annoyed by
mickey hitting on her and they break up
as claire walks away in anger mickey
proceeds to smash the other girls but
everyone rejects him he walks out to
find ellie sitting alone in melancholy
and he tries his attempt on her but gets
rejected as well
he tries his luck with the other two but
gets rejected as well ellie catches him
hitting on various women and he proceeds
to apologize to her on the other hand
cassidy comforts claire by stating that
mickey wasn't worth it as they talk we
witness mickey walking to the upper
floor to apologize to ellie but he comes
face to face with the hooded killer
the creep lacerates mickey's leg and his
bones start to pop he crawls to the
window and cries for help but the drunk
guys beneath don't understand him
with no choice left mickey dashes to a
shaft in order to plummet down to safety
but the killer throws the iron wrench at
him and pierces him through the wall
hanging upside down mickey dies and
ellie watches the whole incident in
sheer horror
in the meantime everyone in the house
hears ellie's screams cassidy and claire
run to her while kyle and jessica watch
her running through the crowd shrieking
in terror
kyle warns jessica to take care of her
and the girls gather around ellie but
due to the shock she stutters and can't
manage to utter a single word
jessica gets agitated and leaves with
cassidy to check the top floor while
claire stays behind with ellie
upstairs they find mickey's hanging
corpse and suddenly all of them receive
the video clip from megan's phone and a
threatening text stating to meet at the
same place otherwise the clip will be
sent to the police
the girls get hysterical and jessica
runs down to the street to get the car
downstairs cassidy meets andy and
excuses herself after giving him a kiss
meanwhile jessica blares the horn for
all of them
once everyone gets inside jessica drives
away dangerously but they get stopped
midway by maggie who stands dead right
in front of the car
jessica gets out in anguish but maggie
roasts the [ __ ] out of her and walks
away
still infuriated jessica drives to the
lake where they expected garrett to be
the one pulling the joke once on the
late they take out a flare gun from the
back of the car and suddenly come face
to face with garrett claire points the
gun at him but he just stands there
crying with his wrists bleeding out he
starts whining hysterically when
suddenly jessica hits him with the car
garrett gets back up but jessica finally
runs him down and puts an end to his
life
as the rest of the girls cry at his
death jessica stands firm and glad that
he won't be sending any more clips but
the real paradox hits them as they see
garrett's phone and find out that he's
been receiving the exact same texts as
them
during all this ellie freaks out and
states that it must be megan who's alive
now with no other choice left cassidy
goes down the mine shaft to check if
megan is still there midway the chain
breaks and she falls down the mine shaft
unfortunately megan is nowhere to be
found but instead cassidy finds a
bloodied writing on the stone stating
theta pie must die
afterwards the girls return to the
sorority house to find it completely
trashed up jessica insists upon finding
kyle and proceeds inside while claire
takes the flare gun and goes to shut off
the bubble bath
on the other hand jessica runs in the
empty house looking for kyle while
cassidy and ellie follow her in the
meantime claire finds a pipe running
through the bubble bath and she starts
to follow it to turn it off but she
steps in a nook
back inside ellie starts to lose herself
again due to the gravity of the
situation
suddenly they get a text from chugs
stating that she's dead
just then the door starts to bang and
claire appears pleading with them to
save her
the girls try to open the door for their
sister but the tragedy occurs and she
gets pulled into the bubble bath where
the hooded killer puts an end to her
life
cassidy runs after her and finds a flare
in her mouth blistering her whole face
scared to death cassidy runs back inside
and jessica proceeds to look for kyle
but finds maggie lying in her bed
as she states that it's the revenge from
jessica for sleeping with megan's
boyfriend jessica starts hitting her
they both get into a fight and the girls
run up just in time to pull them apart
ellie cries out that megan is here to
kill them and they send someone around
the corner of the hallway
jessica pulls out an axe and reaches the
corner but it turns out to be mrs
crenshaw who hits jessica right up the
nose with her shotgun
as she bleeds jessica suddenly spits out
the truth about megan's death upon
hearing that maggie gets hysterical and
charges madly but everyone quiets her
down
in the interim mrs crenshaw pushes them
into a room and runs around to hunt for
the killer in the kitchen area but the
guy kills her with the iron wrench
on the other hand maggie goes to the
living room to look for her sister but
gets attacked by the killer as well who
throws a molotov and lights up the whole
place on fire
during this cassidy and jessica run to
the upper floor to get mickey's cell
phone and get in a fight with kyle
both the girls manage to tumble him down
and run to another room
kyle follows them inside while cassidy
hides in the bathroom suddenly she
shrieks out after finding megan's
discarded corpse hanging in the bathtub
outside kyle hits jessica and is about
to kill cassidy when andy comes just in
time to save her and kills kyle
suddenly reality hits the girls as they
find the iron wrench in andy's pocket
and it's finally revealed that he's the
serial killer he then explains that he
did everything for cassidy and he knew
from the start ellie told him and he did
all of this to save the secret from
spilling out with that being said he
kills jessica with the wrench and
requests cassidy to accompany him and
kill ellie she silently agrees and they
part ways to look for her but as soon as
cassidy locates ellie she immediately
asks her to make a run for it but andy
comes in their way and attacks his own
girlfriend
luckily cassidy manages to break free
and comes across maggie who's trapped in
the fire circle as she's trying to make
her go free andy emerges there as well
and tries to kill maggie with the iron
wrench the fight goes on and he manages
to hit cassidy in such a way that she
gets trapped in the floorboards
she pleads for mercy as he advances but
ellie comes just in time to save her and
shoots andy in the chest with the
shotgun
the floorboards break beneath him and
the guy tumbles in the burning fire
with that ellie saves both of them and
they walk outside where the rescue
services arrive and that puts an end to
the movie thanks for watching guys